Chore(): Jank Client, Polyphony, Reflectcord, Spacebar updates (#230)
Discord-Client-Encyclopedia-Management/Discord3rdparties: README.md

| [Disrust](https://github.com/DvorakDwarf/disrust) | A discord TUI client written entirely in Rust | [![Rust][Rust-Badge]][Rust-Url] | 🟢 Active |
| [Dissent](https://github.com/diamondburned/dissent) | Dissent (previously gtkcord4) is a third-party Discord client designed for a smooth, native experience on Linux desktops. | [![Go][Go-Badge]][Go-Url] | 🟢 Active |
| [JankClient](https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient) |  A SpaceBar Client written in TS HTML and CSS | [![TypeScript][TypeScript-Badge]][TypeScript-Url] | 🟢 Active <br/> ⛔ Does not support discord.com instead is a spacebar client |
| [LibreDiscord](https://gitlab.com/zipdox/librediscord/-/tree/master?ref_type=heads) | LibreDiscord is a free and open source voice and video client for Discord written in C using GTK3 and GLib. | [![C][C-Badge]][C-Url] | 🟢 Active |
| [QTCord](https://github.com/mak448a/QTCord/) | A lightweight, native Discord client written in Python with QT. | [![Python][Python-Badge]][Python-Url] | 🟢 Active |
| [Unicord](https://github.com/UnicordDev/Unicord) | Discord Client for Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile | [![C#][C#-Badge]][C#-Url] | 🟢 Active |

> | [Spacebar Chat](https://spacebar.chat/) | Open source, themeable and extendable discord-compatible native Spacebar client | [![TypeScript][TypeScript-Badge]][TypeScript-Url] | 🟠 On hiatus, since Dec 2024 *(Out of date[^1]\)* <br/> ⛔ Does not support discord.com instead is a spacebar client |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Spacebar Chat](https://spacebar.chat/) | Open source, themeable and extendable discord-compatible native Spacebar client | [![TypeScript][TypeScript-Badge]][TypeScript-Url] | 🟠 Development blocked by missing features on the Spacebar Server *[^1]* <br/> ⛔ Does not support discord.com instead is a spacebar client |
```
Spacebar Server is alive

Author: Can change the Variable too make note of that

Author: https://github.com/Discord-Client-Encyclopedia-Management/Discord3rdparties/pull/230/commits/5c665dd0a5fc00fc189fd1bce5e23e5e375ed4c4
